and his head is bald, but he's got fringes of hair.
And then one of my former students, rice farmer
from Beaumont, and I don't remember the other one,
but I was one of the eight first people that were
recognized by this school of agriculture and
biology or what, biology. biology or whatever it
was. Do you have any favorite amusing memories,
funny moments? You've got all of them. Okay, all
right. There's others, I'm sure, but
I had a really satisfying experience at A&M,
except I didn't get the salary I deserved. And I
think that there's too many people that get
recognized not for what they've done, but what
they've given A&M. That's one thing that I'm
bothered by.
Last question, what feelings do you have in your
heart about A&M? Well, I really am grateful to A&M,
but I also feel like that I have contributed to A&M
in a way that very few other people have
contributed to A&M since the school was down to
2,000 in enrollments. And I suspect there are many
thousand youngsters all over the world that owe
you a great debt of gratitude for the help you gave
them in their basic courses. I believe that's
true, and I hope you don't misunderstand me. I hear
you.